[Music]
Searching for royalty-free music I present to you
discover more than 35,000 songs and
90,000 sound effects used by
creators like you of everything
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Applause] [Music] [
Applause] [
Music]
[Music]
Maria Thank you very much we listen to us
can you share on Twitter please
Okay
thanks for renewing Alex can you
share on Twitter
share on Twitter I retweet finally
[Music] it
sounds very low Yes yes Okay I'm going to turn
off the music
[Music] we
turn off the music to see if you can
share it on Twitter please I would
appreciate it
if you could share it on Twitter
please I appreciate it
lxrt I don't know how much Thank you very much for
renewing or subscribing subscribe
please can you share it on Twitter we
are live please and you  retweet what's
trending what's trending what's
trending
the topic is talking about Willy [ __ ]
Cristian let's
look at it now let's take a minute
Please and we look at it I'm going to be quick okay I
knew how to be quick I'm going to be quick
because I just finished live with the
Lordship I was going I was having dinner it was going to be difficult
and I come across this I
swear okay I mean it was going to be difficult I just
finished the live with the
Lordship I was taking a look at
Twitter I was going to bed and I come across
this and it was like
real life surpasses fiction give
me a second to retweet okay I retweeted the live topic so people can come in and whoever wants to come and whoever wants to come well basically what happened is that they caught chocas live they caught him a secondary account Katy okay her name is Katy Katy I don't know I don't know what he was thinking
when he took the name of course what's
going on is they caught him with a
secondary account that he has to
defend himself I mean he starts
insulting the whole  people who, I mean, start
looking for their name which is very
strong, welcome Julia, well I haven't
left the link fixed for the
members, okay I haven't left the link fixed in the
chat for the members but
anyone who can become a
member is appreciated, especially in these times, in this
streak, plus what we're going through, okay, man,
man, he starts defending himself. But it's
also very cringe-worthy, I mean,
very cringe-worthy, but oh my God, look,
choca doesn't go looking for his name and appears
here for 8 hours to spend it on
experts without platforms, you two
would take eight days with the
mental retardation you have on you xdd of course
Making platforms like the bad guys and
[ __ ] that I am, I would just
call chocas bad, he
gave me € 1,000 right now, I bet you're not
better than him. In any game that I play,
not in LoL or counterattacks or anything, he
keeps playing children's games, I
'm not, I'm just played with
terraria and playing it without a platform is very
difficult for a person who doesn't
play games and no, has never played or
seen terraria if you can't
see this, I am  [ __ ] has no more
If that makes you platforms to be
the easiest game but already worse to
choca that experts have a great time without
platforms putting four times more
difficulty come on you are a hypocrite
on top of bad nothing happens I
like trains professional fat Ford
marbles club cringe or rather
really
when I find myself done I have a
lot of things to say Okay I have a
lot of things to say first of all
what this shows me is that choca
is not a character okay
every day that you at night But okay
let's stop
being hypocritical and justifying
anything about influencers no matter
how much you have him No he is not
a character no what he plays on the
internet
he uses a Twitter account to
vent his ego he has
the ego And that obsession of believing himself The most
the number one I don't know how much he has it to
the point
that apart from sticking all day on
Stream all day on String
the rest of the time he
makes a multi account to insult
Okay so now I wonder about the
people who criticized Dalas's video from
stardeo
It's that  They're going to call me an old pet
but look, I don't care, I don't care. Come on, I
think it, I have to tell you
because I really think it and I may not
agree with Dallas on other
things, okay. But come on, I don't have to
justify myself to say what I'm going to tell you.
In the end, in the end, Dallas is the one who has the most
balls. No,
Dala is the one who has the most balls. No,
because at least he does it up front. No,
because in the end he clashes, he's insulting.
Ramón. Today is the day to
have a secondary account to
self-feed cimbrel. I don't know, a little
narcissistic, it's his thing. It's the secondary one
to follow those who block you but
incognito to take screenshots. Of
course,
the accounts that have you blocked. Well,
look, okay. But come on, don't
create an account. I don't have any
multi-accounts. What I do is
call it. I always have it open in
the browser. I have a browser with the
account started and another with the account
closed to see all the tweets. I
use the 50 without opening the account, okay,
for example, it reminded me of a time when I was
caught with one.
open live account that I think
was an account that a follower left me
and this If someone denies it Well I have the
conversation with her and she
can say it herself when I was
certifying Joan Plana's tweets there
was a follower Alba meki who
left me an account okay And in that account
What she did was pretend to be a
hater of me and of our entire team,
all the people who get along
with me and she insulted me And that so that
the opposing people would run and
follow her and incredibly they say that it
is her second character I
almost didn't get it but come on I don't
use multi account on the contrary
Everything I have to say I
always say it with my face from my from my
account and from my face that later I eat
the demand okay then there are people there are
people there are people who are laughing
at the choca and has multi account in fact I
can't tell you yet but the day
that what has to be finished is
finished which will still take years
because a first part will come in that
first part Maybe things don't
work out well and we will have to go for a
second and a third and we'll see
no but the day that I can tell or
mattress to tell there
is more than one that will
surprise you with the multiple accounts that he has that he
uses to insult and defame and
directly harass let's call it
harassing because they follow you and they have
even called me a rapist from those
accounts and then they have come to play the
victim with what we
respond to him that it's crazy Well there are
people who are laughing at the clash and they
do what I tell you okay one day I will be
able to tell one day
but the thing is things work very
slowly but it's the good thing that I have that I
say what I say up front and I
say my opinion up front because I'm looking for
retaliation Well but up front it's very
pathetic to do it from a multiple account okay
very pathetic very pathetic in the end dala
is the one who has the most balls seriously do you
think you're going to surprise us well I don't
think it will surprise you no what will
surprise you is how you did how you
justified it And how they have tried to
avoid it because there are plenty of indications
for example the one for which I am
plenty of indication in public that they believe
that they have to be  of the FBI to know no no more than
enough clues when an
account like that appears
when an account like that appears man please It already smells you
understand for example Joan
Planas the account he has for
free hugs in the game over I showed you
that account he before he before has an
account that was John Plana at John
Plana and in that free hugs account he
had old twists in which he
defended himself and I showed that in the in
the game over in the game over you can
see tweets from Hey why did you say
Joan Plana I don't know what Why did
Joan Plana say come on I'm not referring to him I'm not
referring to him I'm referring to other people
who then play the victim who then play the
victim and you have to see the things they
put in multi account okay I
have no confirmation that it's them
but come on
x more H more and more Two more Two you'll
see when the time comes
okay what are people saying about this
Well it's regrettable
and he still says choca arriba it's that
apparently chocas is live
justifying this no and he still says choca
arriba it will be my fault to have an
anonymous secondary account  to respond hater
man who is it going to be I don't
expect that the choca
also has justification for having a
secondary account Yes yes because he is
justifying it No if you could send me a click I would
appreciate it
Dallas at least had and has the
balls look the same thing I said
Dalas at least had and has the balls
to insult and answer people on his
Main account a bit of an exception Knowing
this is making it seem like it is
something nothing more that there were people who only
knew nothing dude this does not save you anything
the choca that you pee I
will tell you I will tell you and apart from that it
is that these things in the end by one failure
by another brush me in my case I
am talking is that there are let's go a
thousand indications indication Like for example
passing me in my [ __ ] WhatsApp you and those
multi account of yours in my [ __ ] WhatsApp
in my [ __ ] WhatsApp
previously having sent me Twitter
that account today who will this tweet
who will this be and why does he know this
tell shamelessness you know and then say that
how they caught me how they caught me
okay incredible it
is that he cannot stop lying now he
is saying  that his
account has been suspended and he hasn't deleted it but it's a
lie, I mean he has
deleted it
and he says it has been suspended when the
difference is very big, I mean the
difference is it's almost saying
that what he does is not bullying that
bullying is just hitting people Oh
okay
No but the thing is that he's a guy who
goes around like he's straight up that he doesn't care about
criticism that he's a
tough guy no and and the insults and
all the hostilities that his
String has that are playing a role and
a character is fine and also you guys
now have to see the type of things he
posts from the accounts not
from the real one no because it posts an
account a meme account no but come on
I imagine that the twist will be real no
old woman old man no no I don't think
the tweet is real no because it has
like a lot of quality this part here and
this is like with less quality I do
n't think it's right or normal to have a
secondary account well secondary there are those who
have secondary no they have
even tenths
to insult and to say everything and then I mean to say
in the end I get this there are
a lot of people there's more than one  there is
more than one that I know that you have done
and that is caught very quickly it is
caught very quickly by the way of
writing by the things that he writes
because they are things that he writes that
only they can know because they
use the same captures as
supposedly real that in his real account there
are many things or because they will be other
times you also know what they do that they
interact between their own accounts or in
other words
for them to defend you you already have your
fandom that is precisely super big I do not
understand this eagerness of the clash to
justify the [ __ ]
given it makes me want to say [ __ ] and well
not to mention the typical how many that have
given and how good it is that the people who
have a lock account make me want to
defecate and I know that there are many people here
that follow me that really have a lock account
if you do not have the personality to
have a Main account with which to
say all your [ __ ] stay
quiet okay Today is the day
Javi handsome I watch all your videos
a kiss blanqui thank you very much a
huge kiss
stay quiet if you don't have the
balls to say things to someone's face, don't
say them either  behind my back, [ __ ],
I don't give a damn about the accounts that have been given, okay? If I have something to
say, I'll tell you from the Tell me
[Laughs] I
'm not chocas are you trying to say that
I'm choca Hahaha I wish Chiqui if he earned
what he earns and he's going to be talking
here with you
[Laughs] you
see what happens what I'm telling you I mean
look right now I'm here with
the session closed I never log in I
never log in in this browser
to read okay to always be able to read and
Because the other browser crashes on me and I
put the video clips here okay And it
still says choca on top it will be my fault to
have a secondary account okay I've
read this one I'm going to review what you sent me let me
allow you to review it without
logging in and also allow me to click
here to download a video that
the king is asking me to edit myself if I have
the section of this channel It's open no
that I'm going to review a little
mark Thank you very much
let me review a second let me
review a second a second a
second
what I'm going to show on the screen because
we are  on Twitch and you know it's not that you
've sent me like a website
for machín because he has closed his
account no
Then this is what you sent me
npg Thank you
very much Hey it is really appreciated the members okay
everyone who can become a member
knew how to do it I'm not like the lordship that I have to
put the link there no
wow How good this is let's see but I'll open it
here
because I forgot to put the
fixed comment of the members
don't look for what you don't want to find
retweet Maxi I'm a [ __ ] that Juanito
wants my voice for these things he
has rounded I'm not going to share the
screen
a quick look to see if there's anything
bannable Thank you very much
from 4 C
Oh that looks super weird Here
how strange the account is man let's
see I don't see anything bannable I'm going
to take a chance okay there's no
nude there's no
nude
vegetita cristinini there's no
nude or anything okay as long as there's no nude there's no
problem there
isn't a nude
[ __ ] there is a nude okay I'm going to start
looking from here up
Although well surely on Twitter it's that
he retweets thing you
know  they
were sausages I [ __ ] where Let's see, it's
better if I go to Twitter
this is a domain this is a
dangerous domain of course wait I'm going I'm going to the
Twitter trending I'm
going to the Twitter trending
or here that you sent me some
screenshots
Look
at me as if he dies and you too
what does it matter if he's rich [ __ ] [ __ ] he ca
n't be more stupid Chiqui your
argument is nothing more haha ​​[ __ ]
failure of [ __ ] you said that there are
less newspapers in the center of Madrid for
10 euros for two meals you are
deeply [ __ ] then [ __ ] the problem with
this man with the way he writes
the things they put they ban
the account and when they ban one account they
can ban the main one eh for me
as if he this is the same screenshot
my god and people insulting ardala
people insulting Dallas for having
insulted in a video with his face and
having felt so comfortable okay And now
I'm saying the same thing here the one who
is 12 years old and is a failure is you I
suppose they've punched you
in the face so many  that you're no longer able to
use your brain But it's okay
we explain it to you here on Twitter you're a
very good summary of what everyone
has what they deserve you're a
nobody crybaby on Twitter without a [ __ ] penny
in your bank account and he's a
30 year old kid with a degree and master's degrees
successful that he can retire whenever he
wants because he has money to spare everything in
its place do you really believe it if
anyone would believe it it's you my mother
man this is this
oysters man
Welcome to the world of streaming
f u t a
[ __ ] we
criticize both of them al socas more but
Dallas is
worth it too yes I can buy that yes I
can buy it but let's go
in the end
in the end so you can see no but we
criticize Dallas but also
Dallas So he has done what we would all
like to do but we don't do it for the
sake of it not
for the sake of it no because when there are
people sleeping with you and there are people
saying things to you that piss you off
you feel like saying it but he
doesn't say it for the sake of it my dear no That's the
period No
and they said that Dalas was the psychopath
well let's see what they say about this now
no
well let's see what they say about this now Oh
okay I didn't know that because you're a girl
you stop being a failure it's okay
die of hunger keep talking about
people you'll never reach
[ __ ] how [ __ ] disgusting the things he says
eh
when you answer me with ok I know they
're screwing you over when they tell you truths that you ca
n't refute to your face Chiqui just have a
good day and as I said I hope your
daddy Keeps paying for everything because the
real world will give you the slap of your life
When it comes lucky And by the way I hope you
continue to have a lot of luck in
life Because if you bump into the worst person you
know it's because your parents have a
lot of money and have lived a
much more privileged life than they deserve
So Keep praying at night
clown you
don't screw anyone objectively You're a
failure with that 13 year old girl's sarcasm it's
very obvious that you live with your
parents and you're studying living in your
family bubble with some money
How lucky  Remember this trick or
the lions will eat you bye a
giant community of one person Rayito keeps
messing with people for not having
followers
Well it's a little more of the same
failing But what are you going to talk about if they've
seen you three times clowns
my goodness I think so and your
mother cooks them come on there's class tomorrow girl go to
sleep
worth a thousand times what you're
becoming says the
anonymous [ __ ] who has been watching it for a year now from
time to time if you had seen it on
Wow you could have seen the same thing anyway
it's him defending himself okay And with many
insults I
mean with many many insults
of the same kind
professional fat Ford club of
marbles cringe or so this this is him
messing with people's physique non
professional fat Ford club of
marbles do you remember when people got
outraged Because the other day da la also
messed with someone and called him fat
you know that I compare it with what happened with Dalas
because it's that it has come like a finger eh I mean it has
come like a finger because
now they are not going to say the same thing
the hierarchy  oh my god let's see what day it is
the great man
Well the same thing he did well the
same thing he did tremendous
tremendous he
says 15 year old kids don't pay
35,000 subscriptions and their parents do
n't either imagine being so shitty to
comment on a post and block anyone from
contacting you when they're
insulting the community go Korea
human
man do you know that
this guy gets paid money eh
this guy gets paid money for the
guy to be saying this kind of things
for the guy to be saying
this kind of things Okay and nothing This is
blowing up right now in the trends
okay let's read a little bit of what
people are saying
[Music]
taking a look first lest I get
a banner here okay let's
see they're sending me things from
Huelva
Today is the day do
you think this controversy will affect his
career man totally I mean let's
see there's one
super ugly thing that the ones here from my point of
view
and that is
humiliating people
always with the same argument I mean the
argument is that he has a lot of money and
that's why he's better  that people are
worth it he has a lot of money so
much better than people and other people
are failures So that's
very backward for people when it comes to
becoming subs then apart from that you
add that he's insulting people for the
physique that people are enjoying in
a slightly ableist way let's
say it like that or
rather or rather or rather what he's done is they
crash the chat ask and
ignore them for a second people I'm going to get a
napkin the napkin this account doesn't
exist when he tells you this account doesn't exist
that he has closed it Not that they have
suspended it because then I would say this
account is suspended
in the whole chocas event and the
alter account there is a much
deeper conversation about Twitter anonymity
and Mental Health if you need to vent
don't take care of yourself in anonymity
A million jokes could be made but right now I
'm quite sad
Thank you very much
Don't trust your mutuals they could be the
chocas host well you know that I would
like to see but of course I won't be able to
see it anymore I would have loved to see if I
If he had If he
had dedicated some to me
[Music]
Any tweets
I need to know how they discovered it was
Chosa because you know the account was
open and it was seen live
And then when it was seen
live, people directly
went to pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi
people quickly took a screenshot of
everything they had,
things are great, people are putting things up,
says Chosa transforming
into Katy to tell Pelota Ruggeda 28
Kiko Yes, thanks for renewing that he's a
failure for laughing at the hamburger
that ran out of his freezer
after being there for five weeks,
says José micot Okay Oh, I put up a
window that wasn't [ __ ] josemico I don't
think Chosa is a bad person. To
be honest, I see a person like
many others on the Internet, but they still haven't
learned to rest and disconnect from
their work, a job that mentally
destabilizes you and you're going to act very
toxicly. Well,
man, really, when you know,
when you know something that's happening to
me that
burns me inside, I can't tell you
yet,
but with someone good, it pisses me off more to
put it because on top of that, he plays the
victim, you know, it pisses me off more because on
top of that, he goes  of victims and in
serious places eh that goes like that don't be the victim
like you don't say anything like you never
say anything you know
And yes look who uses 8sitas the Lulu
Thank you very much for giving that away
one day I will tell you a God I will be able to tell it
okay he
tells me that Choco said that another
account appeared It seems that it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter when he
quickly removed it it doesn't matter and it's not
that anymore uncle
Javi Choco deleted the live no no I'm like
here I mean Joan Planas has
said stupid things from his own account
from his own channel and from his own
live okay
there's one You're going to freak out when I tell it the
day with what I can tell You're going to freak out
because it's going to come out sooner or later if not maybe not the
first time but
things take time and sooner or later it will
come out and I will tell you the signs Why
and the connections boss
Thank you very much and it's going to be one it's going to be a
complete
scandal when I tell what's happening to me
And how
those who should act well are acting You're
going to freak out And on top of that I'm seeing here
in the trending that they are people who
are also criticizing  al choca and they're
laughing the collision of the stick having a
multi-account to say things I don't know
what And how do you forgive me I'm freaking out I
'm freaking out okay
you know the funniest thing is that tomorrow
the streamer friends of chocas will come out
to say that it's not that bad that it's
very healthy to have a secret account to
insult everyone and that once
everything is taken out of context how do you
justify This I'm going to [ __ ] on
everything
when they ask chocan if he is Katy
chocas unleashed and stupid I
want to feel your body
Belén Thank you so much welcome to
Belén
I am the multi of choca let's see wait
wait what I have here that you
sent me by email wait
forgive me family that I have the children
Hello hello hello that the children are
sick
[Music]
Lolo Thank you so much for giving away
these five subs Sorry forgive me
that the children are sick I just
went to get a napkin okay
you caught me I just
you caught me I'm not sending myself a
video it's supposed to  that sends me a video
Ah Supposedly he sends me a video
because I can't
see personal note it shocks good let's see I'm
going to put the audio because my
computer doesn't reach of
course I
have the full live it lasts 45
minutes
[ __ ] people man how he managed everything
quickly and how incredible let's see the
justifications all and I don't do it in
Latin just because I don't want
7,000 people to interact with the tweet
because I don't want to be a bully because it's a
lie point number one I am not a
Bullying and point number two I don't want
everyone to
crush that person that's why I don't comment on
tweets obviously I read Twitter I don't spend
the day on Twitter I post a tweet from time to
time you know maybe this account
that can have 150 tweets or 200 tweets
in I don't know A lot of months from time to time I
enter But because with my account come on I can't do it
man with my Tell Me I
can't criticize these [ __ ]
another multi
in which you are going to see they tell me that this
would also be multi but I don't know why
wow that's another multi dude this
is another multi look you literally
threatened to block me for two tweets
that I posted about you and you're bragging about getting
blocked for doing the same thing oh no no no no no no no no
no
What do people
base that on Good thing it was censored dude wait man Ugh Good thing it was pixelated dude let's see I admit that if you like pears it's like your cheeks were two big bull's balls [ __ ] looks like it looks like it eh affiliated on Twitter and there you're going to be a
failure even in a joke you're going
to cry Chiqui wow this looks like it's
another one eh
look look look look look
here some guy Random says something chocas
just told me to grow up chocas
the first one that behaves like a
13 year old and insults
mothers in everything Really choca really
dare you tell me to grow up when
you're the first one at 30 you
came back to Twitter just to insult
a stranger for days I mean you're
the most pathetic thing I've seen a long
time  Chiqui really I was
reading to see or is it a multi let's
see or is it a multi
also retweet there it goes there it is
the day
guys check your followers maybe
half of them are The Joker
Thanks man let's
see he posts the same things eh he
posts the same things eh Javi chocas
said he was better than auron on his
candado account
but listen to me it's laureate
no I don't think so man it's it's it's 10 years old this
account eh it's
called Lauri Adams no but she must be a super
fan of choca eh
Lauri Adams
laury Adams writes the same I mean
writes the same
writes the same of course man let's see I'm going
to see what you send me it's not to
go sending me things man
[Laughs]
Oh the one they asked for he created it on the
same date the other one was also very
old But then without being famous and
being honorable my goodness
Oh man this is pathetic the
best the truth is I would introduce him to my
mother and everything besides they say he has a
huge
one man what a pathetic fact
how pathetic this man
how pathetic this Choca would like to
meet himself
Oh man
such an okay by the case is that
attentive Because I'm very funny
attentive
but the
thing The thing is the thing is that
this guy tried to [ __ ] me for the for the for
the issue of such okay for the thing
is that
attentive Because I'm very funny it
happened to me when they caught
Alba's account
all that is very well but you
called him a pimp And that is reportable And
on top of that you're not going to apologize and he
blocks him you are a disgraceful woman you
leave us all in the
dust with your behavior learn to
apologize for your mistakes
family now that you're all here I
must remind you to subscribe right now
here to this channel Javier oliveira
and Javier canijo and that you check the
subscription on the main channel Javier
okay today I uploaded a video
Wow man this is incredible this is
wonderful this is that this is that I
love it let's
see what else nothing more
nothing more baby look at the trend
what the hell is this Let's
see it's great eh And Dalas is
trending dude I mean it's trending Dallas
and the choca or rather the Dallas the Dalas are
trending without it having anything to do with it
the dollar they put it in trend So
have nothing to do let's see wait
I'm taking a risk cloth
I'm going to watch and I'll tell you what
's interesting
for the Danna Paola video for the
Ana Paola video trending
memes aside Future future says memes
aside I'm going to give my opinion on the subject seriously
leaving It's clear that I love chocas a lot
and I've been following him since the beginning
when we were 400 on his Stream I think
today's message is clear what he's
done is wrong idiots are
everywhere and trying to justify
entering his game correctly is a
complete mistake Each person has their
insecurities and I think
some of yours are manifested here about
public opinion on success
welcome Javier moyano Thank you very much
family if anyone wants to become a
member you have it from scratch with 90 a
month okay
regrettable Ramón Today is the day
Oh lo Mora thanks I'm waiting to
see if he said something but he didn't say anything
Yes look literally when when they
suspend your account you get account
suspended okay when you put this
account does not exist It's that you have
deactivated it okay let's
see  for the choca This is not
bullying
calm down you chubby starving man
your mom is going to keep paying for your
things while you complain about
other people living their lives however they want on
Twitter you [ __ ] failure
for me as if he were dying and you too
the one who is 12 years old is a failure
is you
dude Why do you answer to
12 year olds if he is 12 years old
I have nothing to say I'll only give you money
Tears of happiness well I
thank you Gloria a huge kiss
gorgeous for so much support always being
here with us always
Ah I'm going to give this one to you Look how
beautiful I made you a fan Art the choca a
challenge And so you can see it I
'm watching to see if they put excerpts of
his live now the passage of course It's going to be
complicated I don't know
what will he think you were going about this
and you go don't disappoint us
and I don't know man
well he'll give some or not give his opinion he
has an operation a little hunger to laugh
this today from the internet no
girl nobody has decided to upload excerpts
of what I'm saying live
after a meticulous investigation I
just discovered your account  secondary
Javier canijo you're just like socas just
kidding I
promise you no I promise you that's not me well I
put more family little more let's see you
're telling me to look for Katy bipy is
trending right now
Katy is trending right now
Katy is
telling me to look for Katie
on YouTube
look here you have a picture of Katy pee
look
here you have here tvp what a
cut no man
what cut does this have to be eh let's see I
'm going to look on YouTube to see what's there
katana welcome Thank you very much
or rather the point the whole point It is that
I have or rather the person is very
surprised because I have a
secondary Twitter account The answer is yes I do
have it
or rather it is that or rather then I am TT
because they have discovered that I have a
secondary Twitter account yes I have it it is
mine it is
mine this Twitter account I mean that
is the surprise I think that there are many
people who already knew this
or rather I think there are many people who already
knew that this account was mine the
nerves man
the nerves thinking on the fly
really I mean I already have many
mentions for three or four months
of chocas this  it's your [ __ ] account It's noticeable it
's your [ __ ] account I don't know what if he made
an account for me months ago and because I don't want to
get into trouble with people many times
months ago it's a lie Of course because because you
've told me that they have to be very
old no So for me Tell me you
can see the date
the date can you tell me what date
the account was opened is this true I mean
well we would have to find out if the
other account that we said is also
his I mean I'm not going to deny it because it's
true and there are a lot of people who already know it I
mean
Katy
the chochos trending in Spain
basically what happened is that at
one point in her Stream today she
changed to this scene where she had a
Twitter that as you can see here wasn't hers it
was during the Katy pee but it
really was her account here it was in
the account I entered and it turns out that she
was using this account as a
secondary account to respond to her haters
but not from her account but pretending to be
another person I have to say that
the account has already been deleted I
recognize it I am a multi-account of the
shock I say I am ampeter I
want this thumbnail photo
I don't care  air as they mount it
but I want that photo
since November 2011 I had the account
my mother since November 2011
[Music]
that this has copy
mother mother
the nudes are put eh
my mother
[Music]
that your comment Now today I can't
imagine not
these comments is his chat when they
caught him I can't imagine No
man it would be the [ __ ]
it will be the [ __ ] that it would have been before what a
mistake but it is not a
mistake now whoever
has a multi-account to insult
is what it says
Hello what to say take your [ __ ]
stay quiet okay [ __ ] turn off the
music son is what it says give me a
second that I had uploaded to the king
is what it says from the account dude I mean
is the real him
no I understand that what we see there is
the real one you crash
so that later they don't say that if a
character that if I don't know what
[Music]
I want
Paule I want you to make me a
powerful powerful tik Tok about this now
Javier million look at it Paule I want a
saying about this that is the  [ __ ] [ __ ] I don't know
Find a way dude
Thanks a lot Dark Thanks a
lot that wasn't me Oh silly
my god eh he
says incredible Chose has thrown
[ __ ] at him even Auron and the skip
game agent let's see
Where where is that Paule
send it to me my god let's see if I put Chose Auron I mean he also throws [ __ ] at other streamers like Auron Ebay So the Joker throws [ __ ] at Auron and eBay from the multi account I love that it hurts you Chose Auron is number one on Twitch I
understood perfectly Chose
is top 1 in subs and top 1 in views
this year he is literally the top
1 streamer right now and he says Auron is better
because he is first less hours with more
views being a very famous youtuber who
has more merit Chose or Auron
well neither let's see well neither serious
what to do with Sara absolutely nothing to
do I do
n't understand why this guy is famous if I
think the only explanation is that he
got together with Aurora Would
they have gotten together with him sometime XD
Hayden
air in that thumbnail is useless to me, man.
Oh well, let's see, in my opinion, eh Aiden, the
thumbnail you have to put the woman filter on it
and up here in Caught Put Katy pee
in Pink please,
lamentable.
Well, let's see it, about Willy, no,
my goodness What a good jump Choco gave us,
eh, I mean, I was going to bed, I was
going to bed,
let's see since we're here, let's
see what
Willy did. Man,
my goodness, man,
Choco thinking he's better than Auron,
my goodness
1:22 let's
give a second and he'll send
the editor tomorrow's video, it's
not going to be this, in fact, they won't have
time to record it anymore and besides, what
more do they give, I
could record a video for the
main channel about this, but I don't think so,
what else do you have to say?
Well, family, important,
very important, very
important, do you think he's losing fans with
this,
but not because he's been caught, a
multi-account from which he defends himself, that's
already lamentable, it might embarrass you,
no, they've caught you, but it's
not that anymore, the question is, the
question is the things he put  from the
account insults for the physical insult
for or rather tremendous
insults of all kinds
Javier choca threw [ __ ] at you with another
account Look at posto's tweet they don't go
posto they don't go man of course I wouldn't be
surprised if he didn't do it eh
posto it doesn't go
posto they don't go I can't
believe it do
n't tell me that this account Eugenio is
the chocas
no but this one even puts comments
on YouTube
Yes yes yes besides it always appears
when I criticize chocas let's see let's see
wait I'm going to open the
YouTube account right now
no But why do they think it's him
wow But if they knew the comment I
paid for it on YouTube it won't have the same
name of course
on YouTube it won't have the same name I'm going to
look for it but on YouTube it won't
have the same name it
was too much that account is a handsome kid
on top of that The kid in the photo Okay
and it was too much it was too much I mean it was
too much a person but of course since
there are people fanatical fame Eugenio
fdz but it won't have the same name
on YouTube no let's see I'm going to look for it
No look here is Eugenio lull Eugenio
lul
no  no no no no
300 viewers on Twitch and 1900 on YouTube
You weren't choca's father Haha
look at you in a video in a
Joan Planas video
this user appeared messing with the
viewers I have reminding me that I
told choque that I was his
father
recommended channels and you go 85 chocas
12,000 gres 20,000 and you Here scraping from
them with 3000 Hahaha That they don't
steal content like you do
n't but here it's missing we
said Eugenio lull wait Let's
get into my channel because let's
imagine how many people
insult me ​​throughout the day
imagine it's not Javi Don't get excited
But that's because they took it out on that
account
imagined how many people insult me
throughout the day
so that I would stay with someone who
catches my attention and it's because it
appeared every moment look look
but here now comments that I will already have it
blocked Of course there are
many more dependent on review
Not of course It's that  I must have deleted a lot of his comments
because the guy was
super heavy but like videos that
had
nothing to do with it videos that have nothing to
do with the chocas
that guy appeared
oh no yes it is him yes it is that lamentable that lamentable that
lamentable that yes he
that lamentable chocas
no lamentable
lamentable
[Applause]
lamentable I knew that I
knew that he had to throw [ __ ] at me for
sure
Hello hello who are you watching this are you
kids or your lordship greetings crack
Thanks friend this you will be lost
but Katy VIP is not the only
secondary account of choca and a year ago he used
another one at least
FZ or genius with which he did exactly the
same here you have the proof
take advantage of it to be capturer that he
deletes it I mean wait Wait wait wait wait
no dude but how did I not know this I
mean The guy has a bigger tweet review
Also it means no I mean
always read it first comments see it
humiliation that he has done to himself let's
go probably one of the
most pathetic videos on the internet by the way these are
the first 10 the rest look
I can't  believe that such a
heavy guy was chuchos
no man
and he did it with how well it went for you when
this viral tiktok went The other time it's
shocking that a text went viral
throwing [ __ ] at me and I'm still
putting up with your followers coming to
tell me Now Who is the father of who
Now I'll tell you dad
who's vagina is burning with
Javi Oliveira's videos
my mother where was the hierarchy
where was the hierarchy
Look eh I mean how long ago was this
last year March 9th so
here I had 363,000 subscribers and nobody
has sent me this
How has nobody sent me this
no man pathetic
Javi since they suck his dick so much he
has 3000 members he even knows how many
members I have that the chinita
chocas my son
Come and hug your father the king of gossip
and everyone right now in the chat
put it even
Javi Oliveira was right
Oliveira was right
once again man I'm always [ __ ] right
man look how much I liked him in the
[ __ ] that guy from the squid game  I
made this video saying [ __ ] Well
look this ca
n't be my life dude it ca
n't be dude I
can't believe it really be
true
look what I was saying if you knew
who believes they have multiple accounts to
insult me ​​you would freak out look what I
was saying if you knew 15 if
you knew who creates multiple accounts
to insult me ​​then plays my victim
you would freak out and you will know The
time will come when I will be able to tell you about it as
the years go by
but don't [ __ ] with me dude I
knew this account because it appeared damn
let's get into the [ __ ] account
because it appeared every moment dude
every moment it appeared in my
interactions and it appeared in my live streams
and in my stuff touching my balls with
the [ __ ] choca
lamentable What a shame that
I deleted the messages
What a shame that I deleted the
comments dude
What a shame that I deleted the comments
dude
no dude don't
mess with him jocas he's just kids
a kiss Thank you very much I
mean the guy goes looking for his [ __ ] name
all day long from his entire [ __ ]
multi-account
but he
keeps crying about the 600
euro apartments that you don't earn a [ __ ] penny you have to
pay for it with the rest
of you [ __ ] losers
the guy appeared here in scalpel
greta positive in Kobe three days after
being at an event against hundreds of
youtubers getting together and hugging from
all over look at the chocas reaction
Ramón Today is the
big day Javi making even those who
believe themselves Untouchable burn lamentable today
the gossip revived and you are still the
king
I'm hallucinating Javi what a good Stream
take some money to celebrate
this is incredible it's family what a
painter it's done choca what a
painter You're done buddy this is
incredible dude
this is incredible family all that's
missing now is for
the 2000 people who are here to
become members or subscribers my goodness
dude
nothing can be more real more
surreal than what we are
living right now family or rather the
choca right now
Javi I just checked that it's fake Those
photos are taken from a Russian from the
Russian social network vk
what what that
the  photo of the photo that is
posted of a Russian
families the choca will be seeing this
right now do not become members
please it will make him very angry do not
lower your head King or your
crown could fall a kiss Damian man But
this has been very strong eh
Ramon Today is the day
Javi You can stop being the king of
gossip thanks
the [ __ ] air just sent me a
WhatsApp right now he is not
aware of what is happening man he
just sent me a message now
letting us know or what are the chances
that today I
want you making a roof
or Paule or whoever I want you making
a tip top for me to upload it to my Tito account
okay for me to upload it to my roof that it is a
style like the tiktok that the
choca fans made for me okay
ham maker thank you very much welcome this
is incredible I mean what are the
chances that they
were canceling the choca for
multi-accounts and I have a multi-account
for me
a simple flu the flu kills 15,000
people a year in Spain like a
simple flu What happens are only the
viruses they have bad? It comes from  the [ __ ] or what a
[ __ ] [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
[ __ ] is the tongue of the chocachío
I want Good thing I
went live eh I was
going to bed eh
this deserves a video in the main page
this deserves the video in the main page man
look you know what I'm doing right now
focus on the king of gossip
chocas
duck here
duck here and believe me a multi-account
handsome
or so how is it possible that choca
starts seeing all the tweets I post
starts here to criticize Greg Today is
the day
the joker is the one who says the video
starts at minute in all your videos
I want to feel your body
but man who has an account to see
the tweets I post what
people respond to me in those three the
use you make of it is like a
vegan breakfast without eggs x of X of X of call
I imagine that all of us who block us
for attacking him he stags us with
multi-accounts XD
great family
great guy he is sick what a
blow in the face he has
Of course masks are
100% reliable is it true  we didn't
know it for real that dealing with people
like you has to be an outrage that's
why I'm never going to be a content creator what a
slap in the face you got
oyster man
Ramón Today is the day the soca is
subscribed even to the lollipop
listen to me listen to me listen to me he
has 52 followers pay attention to this pay
attention to this eye eye everyone eye everyone
has 52 followers
I was going to sleep and here I am hooked
and the first follower he has is the
official Podemos account
the first official follower he has is
the official Podemos account it can't
be
Pablo Iglesias is behind this
family it can't be
What the [ __ ]
what's going on
Ramón Today is the day
what's going on family
the first follower of the account is Podemos
official
what's going on family
what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] It's confirmed Irene Montero is the
socas
but it can't be
Javi you should start asking for the
gossip of the year award to you
of course I
mean of course
of course
Let's get serious we have to
keep working
Look they're turning us off on the moon
family that is  happening here oh my
god oh
my god I don't know if I should keep
looking at this Thank you so
much thank you to all of you who
are becoming members smiling face smiling face smiling face
weird smiling face smiling face smiling face smiling face smiling face smiling face smiling I
come in to see you and I see you rolling on the
floor Hahaha I'll see you on Thursday with the
meerkats on
Thursday we'll see each other Fran
take care of me take care of me my little critters dude
Well look Fran precisely talking about the
meerkats you come and catch us talking
about a rat I
mean I'm freaking out dude
this is totally crazy eh I
mean I just can't believe it I just can't
[ __ ] believe it dude
this is really crazy family
the first account that follows him we can and
then He follows everyone you
see your dude
But he follows the fascist account too eh
follow the chocas
news operation frog face arrives
to the kids
we came looking for copper and we found gold
But this can't be true dude
Look he has you and suspended I mean he's
gambled the [ __ ] account eh the [ __ ]
main account he's gambled because
in all the accounts he has twist
of the mockery that he puts, he has the
limit of suspension
how strong man
how strong
Ramon Today is the day
I sincerely am your ex stalker and I
would have finished the job that I should have
done shoot you or
run over you and your family you
are [ __ ]
what else is that kid saying who caught me
drinking water threatened me
man how strong eh thanks
thanks to everyone
a month ago I took an antigen test
and I had almost I don't think I'm a
[ __ ] or anyone in the fight but
tomorrow day after tomorrow Now I understand man Now I
understand the bad blood that the choca
man had after we were more or less
talking in a good way when we
met do you
remember when we met in the
squid game
and then when they banned me The guy
laughed
The guy laughed
that they banned me which I thought was super
ugly and super ungentlemanly man the
choca He doesn't have the slightest idea
of ​​what it's like to test positive in Kobe
Find out first crack you act tough and ca
n't even take half a hit okay but
Tell us How  he calls you and post a picture no I
mean I'll threaten you very easily but you'll have to
have a little more courage
go tell me your address and I'll explain it to you
I'll make a sketch live if he wants
face to face no problem Please the
typical kid has come out with pictures of girls
Hahaha What are you going to give me the runaround and a
fake address go to sleep you shitty wanker
for nothing I'll open you private brat
now don't [ __ ] yourself [ __ ] imagine
that he even posted it privately dude
face smiling face smiling face smiling face smiling face smiling face crying laughing face smiling to
smile face crying laughing face smiling
oh man
Look when you're answering someone and
telling them that he messed with him you crash
and the guy who was
really expensive appears he was really expensive he was really
expensive dude That's why I had noticed
him because every time It even
appears
I had noticed him dude look at the number of
people who insult me ​​at the end of the day
so that I noticed a hater when
what I usually do is block hide and
ban from Chai and that's it Okay then
look at you  if
this account with this photo had caught my attention
because maybe it's what I've
shown you in videos that maybe
had nothing to do with the choca the turkey
came saying Hahaha you have 3,000
viewers and choca has 30,000 and it
's like well I'm in a video talking
about Joan plana you understand me and that's what I'm telling
you look and now here blaming
someone a newly created account your first
tuy is this one and autoline doesn't fail pathetic
to the extreme because he is a Pro
he is a pro of multi-accounts [ __ ]
dude
look what he puts on Dross mommy
But why But why does he put your
flirting with other followers
uploading a description and putting
while pointing out the mistakes of people
from 10 years ago I'm sure he'll free you yeah Look look look
throwing [ __ ] at me let's see I'm going to look
directly for what he tags me
okay
Ramón Today is the day what does this one do he
care a lot about criticism he is a
stormy and that is why he compensates with
that ego he has this must be the
tip  from the iceberg of What hides a
mind so tormented and complexed
I hope so, man, I mean but look
look at all the ones that he puts me man
Javi's Followers the truth is that they
are quite stupid things as they are
kids
This is something personal
This is something personal against you guys you
know okay if I were
you I wouldn't become a member right now
eh choca bad Take some vi [ __ ]
your irrefutable argument is
Ah look Look look look look look
here I'm
saying don't bother it's an account
created last month and all its tweets
are defending choca suspicious to say
the least Look
suspicious to say the least haha ​​Javi
oliveira a [ __ ] year ago
a [ __ ] year ago I was right
Look at the irrefutable argument that
the video is bad because it is in
the comments we can't discuss anything
and he says your irrefutable argument is
choca He is not known that he does not appear on
Google train man you are the most pathetic thing on the
internet you say that choca hangs on
the fame of people and it's a lie it's
people who want to collaborate with him and you
literally live  from the gang we're
going to send this line to jesito
to edit it man
leaving an angry audience is that
absolutely everyone laughs at you and
tells you that you are pathetic So yes they are
really angry you put it up
my goodness snatching with data the most
beautiful thing in life as if what I had before was not enough which
was already 20 times what you
have Javi right now Hahaha
popularity the month before égolan he
had 3000 viewers 5,000 subscribers and
made one million 400 thousand views in 126
hours of String that is not being popular
being a Wow streamer he was the
biggest Wow streamer in Europe my goodness
what a galaxy is man he alone
Javi who already sucks his dick so much
has 3000 members knows how many
members chocas had before
egoland 25,000 25,000 or in other words he was 10 times
bigger than Javi
chocar did not have before ego
25,000 member
chocas didn't have 25,000 members before
hello that's a
lie just put here
25,000 members couldn't have chocas
before
no way
first because it wasn't on YouTube and
second because it didn't have 25,000 subscribers
either oh
my god man
let's see if he has messed with someone
else on this account or this account just
for me what a shame man he
had 5000 at most no no
I think he had something like 2,000
3,000 or whatever but man look at you
what a shame look at
what a shame man look and he appears every
moment dude
started reading the comments on the
video I made him dude what's
clear of course he's
beautiful Macarena lona
How come he follows him can we man it
catches my attention like he follows him can we
Today is the day
someone so obsessed with answering
all his criticism hides a
tremendous insecurity anyway if
you're observant you can see that hojas is an
insecure and complex guy
Look at the people of Real Madrid  Thanks
friend
Thank you very much Well look man today
is the day
this live is getting
crazier and more surreal with lots of drama and
unexpected twists Better said
This one got going Damián
Javi Oliveira was right I mean
look at you done look here I put
John tweet on April 13th of last year
congratulating Juan not them Juan for
the madness this day do you remember that this
day when it reached one hundred and something thousand
viewers it surpassed Rubius there go
Greg and someone makes fun of me here
what will become of my followers we have to
respect the ranks chunga he will never
surpass choca and I put him I would
like choca to be half of being
half of Juan and not just in numbers okay I would
like choca to be half of
Juan and not just the numbers and look how he
burns
that appears here Well you will
never do half of what chocas does friend
that Juan has made a criticism and now he
is your best friend and you have made 30
videos lying about him but since he
once criticized your enemy
Number one public now  your Andalusian brother your true colors are obvious
what what
I support them Juan
in something in congratulating him for the
viewers because he has criticized
Choca and that Choca is my
number one enemy Choca Well there are no
youtubers here because there is no YouTube
Choca here so that you are my number
one enemy get in line queue But get in
line and get bored
because the same thing is going to put you in line
and for me to serve you you have to
get up at 4 as if you were going to the
market
the importance that is given to the level that is
believed that the king of gossip has him as
enemy number one Look for Dallas
send it to me if he says something about Dalas
send it to me I'm still done since long before
you I'm sure even if he didn't use Twitter
until now Ask Juan what he
thinks about Javi to see if he thinks the same as
you we'll see if what you think is true
if Juan hadn't been the critic
Choca Javi would never have uploaded that
screen
Juan wouldn't think well of me because I
did to Juan I even
made him a dino
Juan and I had Well a time that  we get along
well we even did
a collaboration I don't remember we did
an interview I did it to them okay it
would be an interview that will be on my
channel I think I imagine But then he
started messing with the people who uploaded
videos of the overdalas I don't know what's up I got
angry because I took it personally and I
did a miniover because he also had
videos on the subject of
Javi Put Dallas so he can
eat too Then he messes with Dalas too
now we always look for him he
goes to the sun it's the hottest it gives
some good and others sand but you
forget about all the bad parts I remember
all the there that fell on Juan
completely excessive because of
Javi's videos that was
proportional that to them Juan to them Juan He
got something that I sent you
in a whisper I
don't know how to open a whisper no Send it to me on
Twitter please Oh Juan he got it
a lot Hey because of my videos no way no way he won't even find
out let's go
because he mentioned it to me once the
game over that I did to him oh
my god the turkey eh
I'm back to give house says
Eugenio didn't put  nothing from Dallas let's see
wait and see what they're
sending me via DMs they're insisting
so much
my goodness how pathetic
but how many multi-accounts does this
man have it's been
three so far
but you don't know he doesn't realize
the worst part dude he's
not realizing the
worst part
yes yes
here I got it dude only with
the hope that it was the crash
dude I
got it with the hope that it was
the crash they sent me a tweet from
Eugenio that says they
sent me from Eugenio that I'm going to
read it to you Okay he says Put on a picture of yourself
before insulting because maybe some of us
will take advantage and wake you up suddenly if not
shut your mouth
I won't Honestly I can't stand my life on the internet I ca
n't put it any
other way I can't stand my life on the internet and
the things that happen to me
Eugenio lull
this I deleted this comment this
drunk comment
Eugenio lull
brutal this dude
no what I was going to tell you aren't you
stopping to say one  thing dude are
n't you stopping to think about one thing
dude
we're seeing what he posts on
Twitter he sends you one by DM we're
seeing what he posts on Twitter but
we'll never know
we'll never know what he's Javi you're
great you've been a member for a year I love you
beast Thank you very much rock
keep crying this tweet from Eugenio
keep crying about the 600
euro apartments that you don't earn a [ __ ] penny and you
have to pay it with the rest of you pieces of
[ __ ] failures I mean dude look at the
things he posts this is going to make him
lose subscribers paid for I mean by
posting these things dude
posting other things he's going to
lose subscribers 100%
people are not going to want to give him money anymore
but what I'm telling you dude no you
're not realizing it dude
we're seeing
look here you have the photo of Eugenio
here you have the photo of Eugenio
that we're seeing and we're freaking out
with what he's writing and
the multiple accounts that he has he chocas on
Twitter
but never never we're never going to know we're
never going to find out because that's what  it
must be the [ __ ] host
what he's done for YouTube
what he's done for YouTube and the
things that the things that he's written in
YouTube comments with the multiple
accounts He's written some tremendous things to me what
happens is that of course I've
deleted it
mother of God man of
course I've deleted it The only thing I
have is this look you can
see it Here I have it here I have it
blocked look
fighting with the fighting with the
comments with the people in the
comments I mean How many hours has
this man done And why does he have so much time I mean
with all the time that String puts in
how does he have time to spend on
this man fighting with people on
Twitter fighting with the people in my
comment
recommended channels and you're going 85,000 choca
12,000 gredos 20,000 and you Here scraping
from them with 3,000 And what's going on 3,000
viewers are few
look what he says here if I'm a follower
of Javi and I like the nonsense he
makes up but he's a content thief and
without the content of the  other would be
nothing
300 figures on Twitch and 1900 on YouTube
You were not the father of choca Haha [ __ ]
dude takes those kinds of insults
seriously look here in the video of the
chocas chick Javi oliveira So it
's a video totally with the clip
of when we met the two in the
squid game dude I
hadn't seen Javi lose a pique
until he just acknowledged that he
's a follower of yours
Lolo Thanks a lot Look what it says
here dude He may be foul-mouthed but he knocked him down
and he knocked him down very well the hardest thing they've
done to Javi and his biggest fall
aka the crash considers that I've done
today is the day
Hi Javi I sent you a DM with a
link where they were able to recover
most of the profile of Casi now I
have it thanks I
mean the choca considers that this is the
biggest humiliation that has been done to me
and he went to bed today happy
[Music]
poor juanillo macho and there don't kill me
man you're still here jamiro screw me I'm still
here
see you in the final support support By
true
finally they invite you to something no
finally finally and how and how am I going to
win Surely they will invite me to the
next one too Ah well well
the unexpected final of bad guys is the
typical one he
spoke to me like that with bad intentions to
try to knock me down choca whenever
you want come have a debate with me about
all the criticisms I have made you
whenever you want choca But come with your
account please don't come with
Eugenio's account
gonzabella I am emancipated family
[Laughs]
González I am looking forward to seeing
your great mental gymnastics that you will do in the face of
this I imagine that you will take a week
of vacation no because tomorrow
everyone will be asking him but
look at you man What a bad vibe man What a
bad vibe we are here having a good time
and also it was in the rules
imagine his life outside of the Stream that is why he
is so obsessed with Calling
people failures and saying that their
lives are empty That is because he sees himself
reflected in them regardless of the
money he earns he is a stormy
failure
totally
chocas Look I am going to address you very
seriously okay he will
earn 150,000 euros a month surely
okay he'll earn 150,000 euros a month you
'll have a ton of viewers on
Twitch and I'll have a lot less but I'm
still your father I'm still
your father because
the family that I have
the relationship I have with them
the hours a day that I enjoy with my
wife and the two kids that I have
and the life that I have I don't lack a single euro I do
n't need a single euro more than what I
have you are
much more of a failure than I am you
are much more of a failure than I am with
all the money you have you are
infinitely more of a failure than I am you
don't have a thousandth of the treasures
that I have
after 12 or 13 hours of String
with the lights off and with four bags
of garbage from all the food of the day at
the door
you lie down on the bed or on the couch you
go into Jabio Oliveira's Channel with
your multiple accounts and you dedicate hours
that I can't afford to do that
[ __ ] [ __ ] fighting with my
followers
to suck your own dick
and you waste many more hours
telling me from multiple accounts what you didn't
have the balls to tell me  from
yours because then I'll make you a root and you
have the balls to
send me a nice greeting
You're a [ __ ] fake You're a [ __ ]
hypocrite and you're a [ __ ] coward and you'll
have
all the money you want
But you're a sad little man you're a
sad little man a failure in life
because you've got the money but you haven't
got even a thousandth of the
treasures that I have
Now I'm going to bed with my wife and
my baby You're going to bed
with Eugenio
and a large part of my followers I would
insult you like you do from the
multi-accounts
but you make me feel sorry for you and you
just rated yourself
my goodness uncle
pitiful eh
pitiful It's that I'm going to send this deal to him
success but let's have it
edited as soon as possible uncle
pitiful uncle
Wow uncle
How sad eh what many of you are doing
is absolute evil it shows the
degree of human degradation of the
society we live in He made a mistake but
you are bad
I completely agree Thanks
for your 5 euros
How sad uncle
how many hours does he have to dedicate to
that uncle  my god
man
wait until I sent him this
little kiss
Ramón Today is the day my god you're
right we're terrible now go take out
the trash
Javier Oliveira is always right in the
end man the years of experience man
How many wasted hours man so you can
see man the reflection that we have to
draw from him no longer works But thanks
for the 5 euros XD
but so you can see the great reflection
that you have to draw in fact man
the great reflection that you have to draw
from this is that the [ __ ] [ __ ] that is
money man
the [ __ ] failures that you are having
all the money in the world
the guy earns
150,000 euros a month but has
absolutely nothing he
has absolutely nothing
notice that I made the video man it's like I
was falling even more
if I earned 150,000 I wouldn't even look at
Twitter I wouldn't give a damn about people exactly
but I don't give a damn man but it's not that
I upload from Twitter it's that I don't
answer people with a thousand subscribers
10,000 subscribers who make videos
looking for my mouth so what  I
answered them and to know what I'm telling you I
mean he has absolutely nothing dude
when he goes to bed we all have a
family to enjoy he has
made Eugenio and video what's his name
is absolutely nothing money you have to have
money have money It's
very good to have enough money It's very
good
but of course just enough
so that he also has a life Today
is the day can you
imagine now I wasn't going to and with multiple
accounts answering randoms there's
the difference
and that's why he will never be truly great of
course he has money but why does he want
so much money why does he
want so much money if he doesn't have
anyone to enjoy it with
let's see what Willy does and we'll leave
no
1 22 3
if I put myself in his place it's very sad
Of course because he has a lot of money but
for what
anyway important family on the subject
that we are going to talk about right now okay very
important very important I have uploaded a
video to the main Channel to Javier
Oliveira tomorrow the day after you will
also have it in this one I am not going to try to upload
the videos after the edited ones I am also going to
upload it to Javier canijo because I think it
could go better And
Javier Oliveira may end up being a little
abandoned  and I don't know is that I think
he I don't know I think there's something wrong with that
channel I don't know or maybe it's just me that I
'm no longer liking you it could be that maybe I do
n't know but anyway the question
on this subject since all of you who have
come to this video of course
No YouTube does not notify Well I don't
like to blame only
YouTube does not notify because that is very
very such no I mean like maybe
people don't want to see me anymore who
knows Thank you
very much JP Thank you very much
but anyway I tell you I have uploaded a
video today that we have worked
really hard on the main channel
okay the main channel Javier oliveira
check that you are subscribed okay And the
video is this is the complete history time
but absolutely complete
of all the Willyrex moves with
greff included in the middle of course
stacks and Vegeta okay everything lasts half an
hour the video and that's all
How they started to know each other How they
started to throw each other bif
How they started the controversy with each
other the accusations collaborations
because they were fighting and then
collaboration fighting and then
collaboration what  I was saying what
Agustín 51 said okay Agustín 51 said it and
thanks to places and to Mister girou who
are the ones in charge of
compiling everything well we have been we have
made that great video that I hope
you like okay I haven't seen it yet
but now that this live stream is over I'm
going to watch it yeah as soon as
the live stream is over you go to the main Channel you
watch it and above all put that coming from the
secondary Channel so that I can find out
how many people come from one side and the
other okay and nothing apparently today Willy
Ramón has spoken about the subject Already
answered he always tries to appear
mentally strong and it shows that he is
very weak-minded he cares a lot about what people
think of him the reflection of all
this is that no matter how much money he has he
lives totally tormented
totally Doctor Who you
follow me everywhere now or how Thank you
very much man Thank you very much
thinking I have to go down dog I have to go down
dog I still haven't downloaded it if
I was going to bed if I was
n't going to open it directly I opened it because
of the crash man I mean it was
incredible no Okay let's  see what
Willy said but come on the
context for this video, the whole
context you have in all of them first of all. Have a
good trip. To add one more thing
in front of the people who still defend
jocas, they just have to realize that he
contradicts himself from the beginning with the clip
of not agreeing with them using
secondary accounts until the end when they
discover it and he only takes refuge in saying that he
was afraid to do it with my Maine
and I have the right to have it, I'm
not going to confuse you completely but thank you very much,
friend. A huge kiss, what
was said, okay, the context of everything
you have in the previous videos, okay. In
fact, on the main channel I also made
a video of the whole fight, do you think and Willy does
n't see where this is going? He's been going
with this nonsense for a week, eh,
the choca just blocked me for
sharing your live on Twitter, he
must have blocked me. Let's see. Look if he
has blocked me or if Eugenio says something to me.
Hello, good afternoon. I don't understand this but I
wanted to ask why you deleted the
videos from your channel. Thank you very much, Jaime. I have
n't deleted the videos from my channel, dude,
YouTube has a lot of [ __ ]
[ __ ], I put it in up to my balls.  now [ __ ]
YouTube
I'm going to shut up because I want to monetize
this video but well yesterday yesterday it
suddenly started notifying people
yesterday it started sending this notification
to a lot of people and This was because a
long time ago when I told you that I was going to
leave the summarized live streams
public for everyone okay because
there are a lot of people who ask me because they
use it as a podcast and so on
all the live streams I left were
for members I put them public And
yesterday at 4 in the morning it notified
everyone of this I mean it doesn't notify my
videos the ones that it has to notify and it
notified this Okay and this happens to a lot of people
apparently they
go into my channels and it shows them that there are
no videos I
don't know I don't like to think about
conspiracies what do you think I should tell you
but it sounds very strange to me man what's
happening to me with YouTube sounds very
strange to me man there are videos that are not
even reaching 10,000 But oh well
nothing happens I'm going to continue here with you eh
since then I think it has been the best
Call of Duty that they have released in a long
time, I mean There are a lot, a lot
time the truth Most likely and also
the tournament the other day
I have seen that there have been people in
plans and serious got angry I have not seen
any clip but oh really I have not
seen any clip that always the same
always the same I have not seen I have not seen
let's see man
everyone is talking all week about the
conflict and the one you
called quickly I do not know what I do not know how much
Greg has already dedicated a couple of
live to you answering you who thinks he is in
this life that you who
thinks you no who
thinks you have not responded
who thinks you have not seen it I have not
even seen any click but they
sent me a WhatsApp group well I did not
want to even see it but come on that
level How are you not going to see something that they
send you that is about you it is
literally let's see of all the people he is
the only person with whom I get along badly about
this that I do not know I get along very well
with him looking now well I helped him as much as I
could I do not know what such and such I
have always treated him incredible but there
came a time when he started
insulting my friends and Well then I
crossed him out and when  I have made you someone
out in fact it is that we had seen each other
for like two weeks before I did not even
greet him we crossed paths on the street I do not
want to have anything to do with that
person and suddenly a tournament comes
and he literally chooses me Oh Willy how bad eh Willy is doing fatal here eh I mean I do not greet him on the street but thanks a kiss Jaime nothing Jaime is an owl it is not deleting the videos Jaime the videos are there man update and put back in or something in the channel and he will find us but
no I have not deleted anything absolutely nothing
on the contrary I have made public the
videos that are only for members I mean he is
doing fatal eh
Willy is doing fatal in this
controversy and in the review that we have seen
for me too notice you that I have always liked him more
than Greg But
honestly he messes with your friends
and then you do not say hello
because he messes with your friends how good
insult insult from Gretch it is not that
I called him correct me if I am wrong
eh
insult insult neither no I mean
because Greg does a lot of
annoying
but  as much as insulting I have not seen it whatever it is what
is called
literally insult I have not seen it okay he does
not greet them on the street but you get
into a tournament with him where there
are only 24 people I mean it's not like me
in the squid game well if there was
one that I did not talk to I
could put the other end and I do not
cross paths with him no no a tournament where there
are 24 people it
seems to me that it is a little false what
Willy is doing really in the
first round well I don't know I did not
take it very well the truth is that even so I
appreciate it incredible playing the tournament and
after five minutes I had a
spectacular time I am going to let it
get bitter no but I do
not know how in the end what I wanted
was to have a good time and for people to come to
bother and do stupid things and make a
note well it's not for me the truth is I
lost a little desire at that
moment but it's true that I do not know I had a
spectacular time And if I already told him
Juan I would like another Modern
Warfare 2 or Black Ops 1 tournament whatever
I feel like  a lot of people count on me
because I thought it was incredible, I mean,
that afternoon was
spectacular, spectacular. It seems very,
very good, the truth is, very, very good.
Thank you very much, Leandro Padilla.
Well,
you have the answer that
Greg gave him again, he said that we
just saw Willy's, let's see if I
look for it on YouTube,
I'm sure there's some upload right now. I mean,
Willy just answered him, he just
talked about the subject, more than answering him, it's
not
worth it if we have it here.
The truth is that what Willy said does
n't make much sense. I mean, if you do
n't want to run into someone, Well, you don't
run into someone, but you don't really run into someone,
but what doesn't make sense is that you don't
look at them on the street and don't say hello and
then you get into a tournament where there are
24 of you, but well, it's not that anymore, man,
but since you're here, at least keep up with the
good vibes, keep up with the good vibes, The good vibes, I don't
know how to talk, I don't know why you see me, man, I'm
just going for the gossip, no. I mean,
literally, literally, man, keep up the good vibes,
pretend to be good vibes, man. Look at the number of
people there are in this crowd.  and I've
told it many times lying all
[ __ ] day in this series of tortillas I
don't know who I don't know how much there are a lot
of people who can't stand each other there
are people who have had
personal things happen between them very
serious to be reported
or to not look each other in the [ __ ] face for the rest of their
lives and yet you see them there
with Minecraft with the [ __ ] cubes I'm
going to paint your house I'm going to put
some TNT on you cat a joke and in good spirits and
if they invite each other to events because it's
work and business there are people that there are people who
see it as good there are people who see it as
false I don't think I would be able to
sincerely I don't think I would be able to
do it or yes who knows it's
work I'm telling you let's see here here we have
full board all month
of everything and suddenly Netflix And
wait there's more
and suddenly I do
n't know if it would start earlier no but here you
have the story something that I had
never told live you
have to see it like each person
acts as they want from the app yes it starts
earlier
but I don't think it's the 26 minutes
talking only 26 minutes Although  you don't like it
Or even if it
comes to light my heart
automatically incredible I mean I start
to tell these things like that a little more and
breathe hard Because at first because of
the competitiveness in Call of Duty such And
I want to say that never not with Vegeta
or with Staxx or with Willy and now I have
gotten along badly with someone of getting to
the [ __ ] what am I going to tell you ah not to
greet him on the street Ah to
really disgust him I mean I feel that when someone
gets along badly I see a lot of people who have
a boyfriend against that person Oh great you
know like very intense and
nowadays Even though I get along Even though I get along badly I mean Even though I get along with Staxx nowadays I know that stacks at the time when we got along there a little picky picky stacks they made me very angry but very angry And well I have always caused in
the people who don't like me or that is
called him with me not that you don't like
well such no I mean quite angry I mean that's what I
want to tell you but well they
say time heals everything and nowadays
with Fran I have gotten along well But
with no person that I have gotten along
I've come to feel bad like That hatred like that like that resentment like that like that disgust you know many times that in the opposite case it happens but without getting involved I got along badly with stacks okay bad that I call you speak okay we talked such comments in videos
gossip such and I remember that a game
hired Willy Vegeta I don't know if
Alexby and I were also there to go to
London to record a game in London and it
was weird because Willy and Vegeta were
friends of stacks and they knew perfectly well
that
stacks didn't get along with me
then Of course at the time it bothered me
a little that there were certain people who would
throw me away because of confusion and that
I hadn't really dealt with them
and this is the example that I have given you of
you are going to find in life
certain people that you are going to
dislike from the start without having dealt with
them and on the one hand it is understandable because they
trust their friends or what has
happened and on the other hand you say dude you don't even know me
you know I mean because you already have to
have that there are many people who back
down simply with  his
attitudes are he
has an attitude of sometimes
very much like a brat things as they are but
well in plan I have been
collecting man the things that Greg had like an
annoyance and so on that yes it
is true that many times to send him
a little to take a leak no Why are we
going to fool ourselves why are we going to
justify the opposite
but he was very small man he was like
14-15 years old you understand that then
when he was more older I have seen him
behaved even well you have to have
an x ​​you know what I want to tell you
but well I made that trip with Alexby
with Vegeta and with and with Willy I went to
London to record a game that was called
Doom and today we were quite good Such there
was a little bit of tension but of
stacks because it is as if I had
seen a person that you know that a
friend of yours does not get along with him well there is
a little tension but we were good and
I remember that I asked
Vegeta and Willy we were I think a
taxi it stuck in my memory Hey how was that thing
in Andorra Just how it works and
then Vegeta teased me and said there is
the host Greg There's a lot of
fun partying such that's
crazy Andorra I don't know what And I said Yes
seriously I'm very innocent and of course in
reality I was Emptying myself because giving
rap you can be at home working You
can go skiing
weird things because I'm uploading a
tiktor about the subject okay go to dinner
and little else the party also there's
nothing and we had that interaction So
I think what Willy is referring to
saying that help helped attack
defining Andorra And it's that I
simply told them
can you put me in the chat please the
name of Willy's multi account
please because I have forgotten Hey
how are you there no then we were in the
same agency that I think they still know that
is biz and they helped me
manage everything with a consultancy but it's
not like Willy was
doing the paperwork for my
Andorra residency you know what I want to tell you
but I got along very well with Willyrex
When I went to Andorra I got to have dinner
several times with Willy we were
good we were talking calmly
about our projects our things He  He
said but man what do you do on a
daily basis because you waste a lot of time you
know he was already like super
focused on getting up at 8 in the
morning recording four videos and such And I
was more in a mood to record my
video do my live streams and then start
playing LoL or Call of Duty
whatever and he said to me but what do you think you
can make much more use of your time
what do you do on a daily basis of course you spend
8 hours on Skype talking and that makes
you waste you know like
giving me advice and lessons to
be more efficient you know a little bit already
Stream Willyrex and Vegeta kind of work
crazy But this isn't bad at all
we had conversations like this that we did
n't go into depth and the reality is that
Willy and I got along well we recorded
videos together and that's why I tell you that with
Willy he is not a person with whom
today today I would have to
get along badly or not talk to me you know what I
want to tell you in the sense that we have never
had anything
really recorded between us and we have disrespected each other
or had hate and  we've
always treated each other with
admiration and respect what about
admiration And then
things happened like I don't know if with Vegeta I had
some gossip that he threw me a little
pull like I don't know what God of
War you pass it very quickly and you know
that as soon as they touch my dick a little
and I think they're not right I leave I mean
I jump and I don't care if it's
Vegeta or Rubius or Willyrex or
pewdiepie or the Pope of Rome I say I don't care
who you are Shut your mouth
I pass the game however I feel like you
know and well I'm a person
that when I answer I answer loudly I
answer resoundingly like the answer he
says to Willy because of a comment he
made in the Tournament or a feeling I
made to Vegeta back in the day I'm a
person that when I answer well I
answer loudly I answer intensely because
to tell you that it's not like that well I shut up
and I don't say anything if I answer
strongly then I
also tell you respect I mean you have it
in the video eh you have it in the video  that we
did very well today and what happened
is simply that because of that argument I
had with Vegeta Well, he decided How do you
explain, to make a fool of me in the
sense that overnight
without me talking to Willy about absolutely
nothing one day I ran into him on the street
and maybe two days ago we had gone
to dinner and he turned his face and didn't even say hi to me
how ugly and that's something that I don't respect
that's something that you can decide not to
hang out with someone because your friends don't
like them or because they've had
problems with your friends but for me if it's
been two or three days to have dinner with me the
least you can do is say hi to me on the street
say hi or explain to me why you don't
want to be with me anymore Hey, I don't
want to have any relationship with you because
in my circle well you've fought
with certain people, I don't know what blah blah blah blah
blah But in the end you know how
if someone gets into a fight with Lada and I don't say
hi to them on the street anymore it
depends on the severity and it depends on the level
no I mean if you're a disgusting person and
a [ __ ] scum then  Hey, you know
what I'm saying, but if you fight with my
friends, well, I won't talk to you either. Let's
see if it's something terribly serious
about a great friend of yours. Well, maybe it's
still worth it, but man, I haven't
seen Greg do anything terribly
serious, it's
understood, it's respected. And from that
moment on, anyway, that attitude of
walking down the street or being in a "Good afternoon,"
going to the bank to talk about whatever the issue is and
having you in front of me in line and you looking the
other way,
to me, that's an attitude that I don't give a
damn about whether you're Willyrex, Vegeta,
Rubius, or the father of
Rome fused with Elon Musk, Putin, and
Obama, to me that seems like a lack of
education because even if I don't like you.
Or even if I have to simply
say hello or something cordial, I'm
going to do it, you
know what I want to tell you. So,
Willia explained how we got
along when I arrived in Andorra and
overnight, because he said so, he
decided to give me the x and there was a
time when I said, "It can't be that."  I didn't
get along with Willyrex because we've
recorded together, we've gone to dinner together
and we've had a relationship together. But
there are people, and this is very respectable, who
have that kind of attitude. If I don't
want to get along with someone anymore, I try to
let them know. I try to make them
notice. I try to make it a process. But there are
people like Willy who don't want to
see your face anymore and they directly
cross you off the list to the point of
not greeting you on the street. Hey, it's something
totally respectable, it's something totally
respectable, but I don't share
that sense. I don't share it. And it's very
curious, how can you understand that
I get along with Vegeta because
if it's something super serious? Yes, yes, it's something
super serious, suddenly I can stop
talking to you when I feel like it.
Tomorrow I'll block you from everywhere and I see you on
the street and I look the other way,
you know? Yes, something super serious, super
Scum, super regrettable. But the simple
fact that you had a fight with
another friend.
Although really, I mean, I think Vegeta
is a great guy and I admire him a
lot and I respect him for his work and I'm
always going to tell him.  just like
Willyrex and in case of Willyrex I take
stock and say Willy you and I
shouldn't get along badly because we haven't
done any [ __ ] to each other you've
never made a bad comment in a live broadcast
towards me regardless of what
happens in the Tournament I've always
treated you with great admiration and we've
recorded together you know what I want to
tell you then there have been many
times in my life when I've felt a
little bad for getting along badly with a certain
person that many people
influenced by that same person already
hated like [ __ ]
And that's something that you're going to find yourself in
many times in life and in part it's
unfair
and it can lead to many people
having a cross Or whatever happens and that's it
or rather it's nothing it's
nothing bad it's nothing it's
something that happens and that's it but since
willia has commented on this about milk the
cross to greff such I don't know what Well I'll
also explain why there's something else that they don't want to tell it
doesn't make sense dude
that's really something that I respect you know
something that I respect that you don't want  see
a person never again Even if you had
dinner with them two days ago
you're able to do it and you cross them off the
list But I don't
fully share the attitude I mean I'm not like that it's
not something I was capable of doing
and now next week PlayStation calls you to
do a
collaboration or you call yourself neox so you
can do a show then if you go you do
n't make any [ __ ] sense how
Willyrex is acting really above all I don't care It's that
Dalas
review greets me on the street okay I run into him
Dalas review who has made 87 videos
trying to get me high
and I go up to him and say hi
and shake his hand if I leave later or I don't
want to talk to him I'm leaving Oh it didn't
happen no I mean he's setting an example
[ __ ] I already believed that it had happened
in real life
I believed that my dala is already involved
everywhere just like me we
always have to have a cameo dude do
you realize the [ __ ] deal do
you realize the [ __ ] deal always
today the  day was that the whole [ __ ]
internet is talking
about how they got caught crashing into the
multi accounts okay Well it
turns out I know that one of those [ __ ]
multi accounts has to be for Javi
Oliveira
and now we're in the fight and I've
tried
so now you're going to eat a real video
But they taught me that that is
having a minimum
of Education a minimum of knowing how to be in
the place because when you lose your
education and you ask for the ways to be
in a place I don't care who you are for
me you're worthless
and I would do it but I understand that there are
people who are very different from me and you
shouldn't see it as something bad you have to
see it as each person acts
as they please and that's how it is so
you too We
shouldn't be two people who to
this day don't talk to each other because
Wii, I mean, he approached me in the Tournament Maybe
If I had crossed paths with
him I'd probably also say something good to him
but he was the one who saw me from
afar and approached me both times we
spoke in the Tournament And you guys think
I'm going to put
to tell him something that's creepy Because he
threw a video at me like for example he did
the chocas that he admitted today and we
saw that it was creepy
because
we're not in a place having a good time with a
lot of friends and we
're in a cool place so let's create a nice atmosphere I don't dislike him or anything After what happened I can't say that I dislike Willyrex because the respect and admiration that I have for him will always be far above him making a comment in a Call of Duty tournament
and it pisses me off it will always
be above that
But this has happened to me many times in
my life that I'm not the person who
really feels like that like that
denial like that disgust like that that
maximum tension is the other person
and everyone acts as they want but Willy
and I We shouldn't have to be two people
who today wouldn't talk to each other or that
he had that feeling of Oh
how bad it looks on me it
shouldn't be like that you have it I
respect him a lot but here you have the
story something that I had
never told live and above
all I tell it because  have
you seen it
seems like there's something else that we don't
know man you
know it seems like
something super serious has happened to Willy with Greg clip from
a few minutes ago of me getting the
title in the Tournament he tells me that
hater comment and we spent 34 hours
having a good time let's stick with that you
've already seen what my attitude was but you
told me Willy answered I didn't
expect him to talk about these things eh
No, it's that I was going to dinner with grefg it's that
when Andorra came this Such I don't know
how many I didn't expect the bar of
that you want to talk about it I don't mince my words I
tell the story as it is
simple I have no problem
no problem but
the gossip channels are not going to eat they are going
to charge all month for these stories
all month I mean
friend we need it Green you have to
not see churra we need it we are no longer
talking that the channels are going to
eat one day no no no they are not going to eat they are going to
lunch they are going to dinner they are going to have breakfast they are going
to eat the next day and they are going to
have full board all month it is
necessary son  lend a hand
with everything I just explained you can
get 47 tiktoks 50 videos and even a
Netflix movie And wait there's
more
and suddenly a tournament comes and he chooses me
from who's watching
another
video count and even a
Netflix movie And wait there's more
idiot
and suddenly a tournament comes and he chooses me
literally in the first round well, I don't
know, not first, second or
third because you were the best player
left I swear here on behalf of my
entire family that I didn't do it to piss you off
I was looking for the good of my
team and bless my team at that
moment was Willyrex's choice here
if you took it the way I chose you to
piss you off it's not like that but when you
come to a tournament Willy you know
perfectly well that you can play with me
there I don't get involved the truth is that it was very good
even so incredible to play in the Tournament and
after five minutes I had a
spectacular time I was going to let it
get bitter no but I do
n't know how in the end what I wanted
was to have a good time and for people  go do
n't bother and do nonsense and give I
think I'm going to create my gossip channel
right now chat I'm leaving my
Wednesday job forever
or so in theory according to Will what
grefg did imitating the group is
bothering cause a scene and doing nonsense Let's
see no I don't know if let's see if it's that clear
dude you literally are really that he has to
be a wild man
to invite Willy Knowing what
happens there and finally Jesus is crazy
dude after the tension This is what I
've explained to me I don't dislike Willy
if he doesn't want to see me or doesn't like me I mean it's that I don't care
I don't
have a problem with you you have it
with me I'm looking to make my best
cod team that's your turn with me so
shoot with the CR 6.8 and make
noise What do you want me to tell you crack
is that there is no more and although there has been he
invites him and he gets his dick up to everything and on
top of that Greg showed it in the video
before that if you didn't see it I'll leave it up here what I
'm showing you
is from Willy del  live from this afternoon
well grefa a few minutes ago I don't know
when you're going to open this A few hours ago When
the live ended he posted this image on
Twitter literally seriously He's looking for
gossip He's looking for the move this is a
lie in the sense that I
wasn't paying attention to Willy finishing the
live and such I mean it seemed to me like
taking the gossip to a funny image
that we're both laughing
Willy appears with a knife the
2020 rewind predicted it in the sense of
like here I'm not looking for the pullita
Here I'm looking for like the good
vibes you know and it's with the attitude that I
came to the beginning of this live of
let's stick with the good and that's it
and what I've commented now doesn't
seem like something bad to me either, I mean it doesn't seem like something
to feed the gossip it seems to me
something like simply telling what
happened because he has told them things a
little more personal Well I'll tell you
how I have experienced it from my point of
view but really no no in what I have
said is that no no I'm not calling
Willyrex a son of a [ __ ] no no no
I'm simply  saying what
happened or how I experienced it and it's not like
answering the hater comment of the
tournament that I was harsher here
I am narrating the reality and what
happened she wants to feed all
the channels it is our main source of
food okay I'll tell you the
truth cell the south the other one the one with the motorcycle
I take 50% of all their income that's why that's why
I am commenting on all
this live because I take 50%
of the income from all the
gossip channels and damn I'm interested guys That's it,
the only thing missing was for the Treasury to
take half of us
and also for the confessed to come
what you have to do is the section of
I mean no
this is the perfect opportunity in
which you have to include the
gossip category that's the business it's set up to suck
it up
incredible
put this today eat everyone I
lost a little desire at that
moment but it's true that I don't know I had a
spectacular time And I already told him Juan
that another Modern Warfare 2 or
Black Ops 1 tournament whatever that  I
really want him to have the next tournament,
me captain, my first Pick Willyrex of course
now they're going to
invite them again they're going to meet again in another
tournament
Well in that case something like that
[Music]
and I become the electric wizard
incredible I mean that afternoon was
spectacular spectacular
very very good luckily Willis and another
tournament will participate but it's that this
has left me crazy man before normally the
top people like Willy and Vegeta
never got into these little things but it's that
lately he still doesn't give a [ __ ] about
anything it's what comes out of there
Comment what you want Exactly if you
want to see it subscribe because
obviously I'll bring it to you and we'll react
to it the mother who gave birth to me friends what's gone on
man and suddenly
a tournament comes up the truth is that I know he does
his sauce well he does his sauce well mother
Well I say the same I say family
[Music]
if Willy says something else
like that I don't believe it
but you never know
sometimes thegrefg is very XD denies wanting
sauce Well what he has to do is
believe  we have already said it okay you
have to put it gossip section in
Islam
there are blows to the face there are no galas what I
said family if you want to
see what
Willy answers if he answers subscribe make
a video so that Greg reacts to you more
than the video that I uploaded today
more than good of course I would give him the link
to the cell phone that his colleague also tells you
you have to hit peble harder
so that it uploads funnier Javi No no it's
that Pablo He is no longer uploading TikTok
I had to hire a kid to
upload the funny ones
because Paul was guiding every
day and he came a while ago the air to
put me to
put me to send me Eugenio's account
when we were here for an
hour Javier Dallas never liked
choca he posted something dala about
choca
What a good sky about choca today
yes Dalas gave his opinion on chocas
nothing ago five minutes ago five or ten
minutes ago he posted exactly I never
liked chocas he
says in fact he made a criticism of you and said
that  you were the typical boy who cries
no I mean to be fair with the truth
well go on he doesn't cry or anything well well we've
already seen what I was not
being fair what happens is that I'm not
going to find that no way I'm
not going to find it no way I have a
reaction here I have
a reaction here from
[Music]
from chocas Look he's 8 months old okay
here you can see it and it sounds familiar I don't
remember by heart really
impossible to remember by heart what he
said but I could swear he defended
Dallas I would
swear he defended Dallas for eight months
choca gets involved with the Dalas subject Ebay
But this is something else it
's Movidito known eh in the morning and I have
like 100 mentions then you criticize
on the internet and all because you're a bunch
of [ __ ] I mean what happens is that
well look at them man it could be already already
involved in the subject it's not moviditos it
could be that this channel
that only uploads this
is the choca too man it would already be the
best no
this was a
rare channel welcome Hey Thank you very much to
all  that you've become members
today eh Thank you very much It is greatly appreciated,
we are really having a bit of a time on
YouTube Javi with the multi-account that you
left on YouTube in a comment it says that you are a
fan of yours I'm sure you always see yourself no no
no and in a comment it says in a
YouTube comment we have seen it
but well this channel
was the channel that uploaded This video the
chocas explodes And it responds to Javi leida
dude could it be that this was the choca
also it
was the only channel that uploaded this
dude
And if you notice just upload click on the chocas
but let's see it's not thinking anything anymore it
's not crazy nothing
that he didn't want to answer me
directly
then he mentioned me in that live without
mentioning my name he mentions me
and he took it and uploaded a Random channel so
that people know that that answer is
for me you understand
But anyway getting back to the subject a bit Let's
see let's look for some extra that you
want to criticize him for
so long
I don't really care about that guy But
putting yourself in the situation of having suffered
something like what he suffered which is
a false accusation of
gender violence that people take it very
such a joke but living it has to be
complicated it has to be very complicated
because the judge from what I read out there on the
internet the judge really ruled that it
was false that it was a false accusation
well not that not that
more than anything he defended him in the video
okay he doesn't give a damn about Dallas more than anything he
defended him in the video but well
the attitude of Choca has always put
back I've always said it I've been
saying it for a long time and
his followers canceled But well
adala for being Dalas Well they're not going
to take his opinion into account okay But it's
been brutal man today has been
very brutal he put something else dala we
give him a he
knows pop Well nothing well
Dalas that's the little that he has said
surely Dalas Well if I could say
something like me if you knew how many people
go to visit and then throw [ __ ] at us
and then don't throw [ __ ] you look better with a
beard the truth is more youthful with a beard I
look younger on the contrary I
don't look younger Now let's see I
shaved my beard because I couldn't find
the comb brush comb brush
no comb Look at the  from Jackie
Javi I couldn't find the comb so I
couldn't see it here I had him
blocked me not on Twitter I think he couldn't
find the comb to
shave me to see me shaved in another way you
know he left me I like it
So I was running I was in a hurry for
the live because I showered 15
minutes before the live and
people are freaking out here man I
admit it I'm dala says akuma
well you are a very handsome dala Ryan
freaking out with this eh
the moment we can has been very strong eh
the moment we can has been very strong
man
the truth is the night of the year the choca
Kathy
Wow well when people know man
when people know the roll man a
roll that happened to my uncle
the role of choca with Katy has been good we
have to say it
when people know there when I can
tell a roll that happened to me and
that I'm going go in money
obviously
Wind waker Thank you very much surely they don't
have it and what to tell with that I
say it all Yes Pepa cameo daughter cameo
we've already seen you around here with the cameos
my goodness man
And also it makes me laugh a lot because  there
are a lot of people who are and when I
tell that surely I won't
even need to tell it because they will be the ones
who come out I
just saw a drawing of a fig over
there a drawing of a fig no reason I'm not going
to stop I'm going to stop scrolling
better So I'm risking my
job here a drawing
nothing's wrong no
a drawing something's wrong a
drawing something's wrong
No man
not that a drawing a drawing something's wrong I
mean a drawing of the
drawing something's wrong
a drawing of a grapefruit I
think so really really
a drawing
I'm not too exaggerated dude I
don't think so let's not risk it I'll delete it
just in case and that's it Okay family well I'm going
see you see you see you see you
family see you tomorrow
see you go to the Main Channel to the
Main Channel okay to the Main Channel there's a
video on the main channel I
uploaded it today video grefg and Willyrex the whole
story of Greg and Willyrex main channel
subscribe here to Javier canijo
subscribe to Javier canijo and
subscribe to Javi oliveira subscribe
[Music]